content/_index.en.md, before:

+++
title = "Python Biella Group"
date = 2021-03-28T20:10:53+02:00
weight = 0
chapter = false
+++

<!-- Hotjar Tracking Code for https://pythonbiellagroup.it -->
<script>
    (function(h,o,t,j,a,r){
        h.hj=h.hj||function(){(h.hj.q=h.hj.q||[]).push(arguments)};
        h._hjSettings={hjid:2847436,hjsv:6};
        a=o.getElementsByTagName('head')[0];
        r=o.createElement('script');r.async=1;
        r.src=t+h._hjSettings.hjid+j+h._hjSettings.hjsv;
        a.appendChild(r);
    })(window,document,'https://static.hotjar.com/c/hotjar-','.js?sv=');
</script>

# Welcome

👨‍💻 **PythonBiellaGroup** is a Python community whose aim is to study and learn Python lang from every angles.

This website's goal is to collect feedbacks and share community knowledge with respect to libraries, caveats, best practices and new technologies.

For any issues we would like to refer to out GitHub: https://github.com/PythonBiellaGroup/ModernPythonDevelopment. There is the place where feature requests and bugs are reported.

You're are also warmly welcomed to join on these socials:
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Telegram-informational?style=for-the-badge&logo=telegram&logoColor=white&color=0088cc)](https://t.me/joinchat/UZJZzGFKWf9JGGx5
)  
[![](https://img.shields.io/youtube/channel/subscribers/UCkvQcNjmC_duLhvDxeUPJAg?label=Youtube)](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCkvQcNjmC_duLhvDxeUPJAg)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Website-Il%20nostro%20blog-informational)](https://pythonbiella.herokuapp.com/
)

--------------------------
## 🚀 **Projects & Repositories**

[All of the material used during our meetings](https://github.com/PythonBiellaGroup/MaterialeLezioni)


[Docs on modern Pyhton development](https://pythonbiellagroup.github.io/ModernPythonDevelopment/)

[community exercies, show us your solution!](https://github.com/PythonBiellaGroup/Esercizi)


## 🤲 Do you want to help us? Are you excited about our project?

let's contribute to the community!

Please submit us your proposals, whatever you are interested in. 
Help us building our network, blog, social and populate our repo.
For any additional enquiry, check out Telegram!


But most of all: **A huge Thank You for being here**

Commit message:

bug fixing, new features, some changes

content/_index.en.md, after:

+++
title = "Python Biella Group"
date = 2021-03-28T20:10:53+02:00
weight = 0
chapter = false
+++

<!-- Hotjar Tracking Code for https://pythonbiellagroup.it -->
<script>
    (function(h,o,t,j,a,r){
        h.hj=h.hj||function(){(h.hj.q=h.hj.q||[]).push(arguments)};
        h._hjSettings={hjid:2847436,hjsv:6};
        a=o.getElementsByTagName('head')[0];
        r=o.createElement('script');r.async=1;
        r.src=t+h._hjSettings.hjid+j+h._hjSettings.hjsv;
        a.appendChild(r);
    })(window,document,'https://static.hotjar.com/c/hotjar-','.js?sv=');
</script>

# Welcome

👨‍💻 **PythonBiellaGroup** is a Python community whose aim is to study and learn Python lang from every angles.

This website's goal is to collect feedbacks and share community knowledge with respect to libraries, caveats, best practices and new technologies.

For any issues we would like to refer to our [GitHub page](https://github.com/PythonBiellaGroup/ModernPythonDevelopment).
You can use the [issue page](https://github.com/PythonBiellaGroup/ModernPythonDevelopment/issues) to submit new features, idea, arguments and to report bugs and problems.

You can find all our contacts, [material and information on this link](https://linktr.ee/PythonBiellaGroup)
In particular you can find information on:
- Telegram channel that we use to communicate and discuss within the community
- YouTube channel with all the videos and recordings of the evenings
- Github: with all our code and open source material
- All our channels and social contacts

<!-- You're are also warmly welcomed to join on these socials:
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Telegram-informational?style=for-the-badge&logo=telegram&logoColor=white&color=0088cc)](https://t.me/joinchat/UZJZzGFKWf9JGGx5
)  
[![](https://img.shields.io/youtube/channel/subscribers/UCkvQcNjmC_duLhvDxeUPJAg?label=Youtube)](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCkvQcNjmC_duLhvDxeUPJAg)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Website-Il%20nostro%20blog-informational)](https://pythonbiella.herokuapp.com/
) -->

--------------------------
## 🚀 **Projects & Repositories**

[All of the material used during our meetings](https://github.com/PythonBiellaGroup/MaterialeLezioni)


[Docs on modern Pyhton development](https://pythonbiellagroup.github.io/ModernPythonDevelopment/)

[community exercies, show us your solution!](https://github.com/PythonBiellaGroup/Esercizi)


## 🤲 Do you want to help us? Are you excited about our project?

let's contribute to the community!

Please submit us your proposals, whatever you are interested in. 
Help us building our network, blog, social and populate our repo.
For any additional enquiry, check out Telegram!


But most of all: **A huge Thank You for being here**
